---
title: "April 6th, 2021 Livestream Community FYI: We need Mugs"
date: "2021-04-06"
layout: transcript
topics:
    - "merch"
---
# [April 6th, 2021 Livestream](../2021-04-06.md)
## Community FYI: We need Mugs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X-j0Zkt_Fs

### Topics
* [Merch](../topics/merch.md)

### Transcript

> we need mugs yeah so let me give you a
>
> little bit of update in that we're still
>
> working on that
>
> that's the update um i
>
> i'm not super involved in the merch part
>
> that's more jace's domain
>
> um so jace knows
>
> more about that but we are working on mo
>
> on mods we're working on um actually i'm
>
> going to address that too
>
> this is our question about that too we
>
> are jojo i see you now i saw you today
>
> okay
>
> uh we are working on the cup working on
>
> the cup
>
> um
>
> yeah we're working on that i don't know
>
> exactly we are like super close to
>
> announcing something i think but i don't
>
> know exactly what's going on
