---
title: "December 25th, 2018"
date: "2018-12-25"
layout: transcript
topics: 
    - "coffee-stainers/jace"
    - "embracer-group/thq-nordic/lars"
    - "trolling"
    - "embracer-group/thq-nordic"
---
# [December 25th, 2018 1 month after THQ Nordic acquisition of Coffee Stain [CC]](../2018-12-25.md)
## Intro
https://youtube.com/embed/S_AKfh38880?autoplay=1&start=0&end=74
### Topics
* [Coffee Stainers > Jace](../topics/coffee-stainers/jace.md)
* [Embracer Group > THQ Nordic > Lars](../topics/embracer-group/thq-nordic/lars.md)
* [Trolling](../topics/trolling.md)
* [Embracer Group > THQ Nordic](../topics/embracer-group/thq-nordic.md)

### Transcript

> *12 days of Christmas music begins*
> Hey everybody, my name is Jace and I'm the programmer and the community manager-
> *music stops*
> Lars: Could you please...
> Be more quiet?
> Could you please chill out?
> Could you please...?
> Jace: Uh, sure. Yeah.
> Jace: Uhh...
> *music begins*
> *Jace, with less energy*
> Hey everybody Merry Christmas, my name is J-
> *music stops*
> Lars: Could you please be a bit more professional?
> Jace: More? Uhh...
> Sure.
> *Jace, speaking slowly and without emotion*
> Hello Merry Christmas
> my name is Jace Varlet
> and it is my great pleasure today
> To tell you all that I'm a programmer and the community manager at Coffee Stain Studios
> A little over one month ago
> Coffee Stain was acquired by the incredible company THQ Nordic AB
> And at that time I told you all that nothing would change
> and today - with all of you watching
> I have the great pleasure, and we are excited to show you all that nothing indeed has changed
> We're still a lively fun-loving selves full of passion and ambition
> Enjoy this short candid video of the employees here at Coffee Stain Studios
> Lars: Could you please smile?
> Lars: Reeeeeally big smile
> Lars: Great.
