---
title: "June 1st, 2021 Livestream Q&A: Any updates on the Mug?"
date: "2021-06-01"
layout: transcript
topics:
    - "merch"
---
# [June 1st, 2021 Livestream](../2021-06-01.md)
## Q&A: Any updates on the Mug?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76HIK_X8Vjk

### Topics
* [Merch](../topics/merch.md)

### Transcript

> any updates on the mug uh i don't have any updates apart from that uh i think it's i think it's in prototype stage i think uh but all the hard stuff is done i think it's just the the final few things so like we might have another merch push soonish so they'll be like the mug and we may have some other new things with it as well maybe uh that would be really nice
