---
title: "April 6th, 2021 Livestream Community FYI: We need Mugs"
date: "2021-04-06"
layout: transcript
topics:
    - "merch"
---
# [April 6th, 2021 Livestream](../2021-04-06.md)
## Community FYI: We need Mugs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X-j0Zkt_Fs

### Topics
* [Merch](../topics/merch.md)

### Transcript

> we need mugs yeah so let me give you a little bit of update in that we're still working on that that's the update, I'm not super involved in the merch part that's more jace's domain, so jace knows more about that but we are working on mo on mods we're working on, actually I'm going to address that too this is our question about that too we are jojo I see you now I saw you today okay, we are working on the cup working on the cup, yeah we're working on that I don't know exactly we are like super close to announcing something I think but I don't know exactly what's going on
