---
title: "August 3rd, 2021 Livestream Community FYI: Would be better if there was PNGs of Jace"
date: "2021-08-03"
layout: transcript
topics:
    - "features/accessibility/arachnophobia-mode"
---
# [August 3rd, 2021 Livestream](../2021-08-03.md)
## Community FYI: Would be better if there was PNGs of Jace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bijynPRvDQs

### Topics
* [Features > Accessibility > Arachnophobia Mode](../topics/features/accessibility/arachnophobia-mode.md)

### Transcript

> would be better if those pngs have been running around i think that was, mj's on the community magical studios yeah we need to, p people have been asking for like a simon image for the spiders for arachnophobia mode that would be pretty good
