---
title: "November 23rd, 2021 Livestream Q&A: Are you planning controller support?"
date: "2021-11-23"
layout: transcript
topics:
    - "features/requested-features"
---
# [November 23rd, 2021 Livestream](../2021-11-23.md)
## Q&A: Are you planning controller support?
https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkx_m7MeOzn0RdknMehAUOG5Qlu03WVK6DP
This question was possibly duplicated with a more recent answer: [December 13th, 2022 Livestream Q&A: How's controller support doing?](./yt-ow48y32fjU8.md) [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow48y32fjU8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow48y32fjU8)


### Topics
* [Features > Requested Features](../topics/features/requested-features.md)

### Transcript

> are you planning controller support, we'll have to sort of see how that goes, I think we plan on doing some level of controller support at least make things easy for people to remap things I think that might be in the the plans but really don't know when that's gonna be just yet yes will there be mod support for dedicated
