---
title: "March 15th, 2019 Q&A Q&A: Why don't I have a beta key?"
date: "2019-03-15"
layout: transcript
topics:
    - "satisfactory-updates/released/satisfactory-alpha"
---
# [March 15th, 2019 Q&A](../2019-03-15.md)
## Q&A: Why don't I have a beta key?
https://youtube.com/embed/R0S19_caQuw?autoplay=1&start=378&end=385

### Topics
* [Satisfactory Updates > Released > Satisfactory Alpha](../topics/satisfactory-updates/released/satisfactory-alpha.md)

### Transcript

> Go for it dude. Hey everyone my name is Jace. I'm a programmer and the community manager here at Coffee Stain Studios. And last weekend was wild. The alpha test weekend happened and so many of you played the game. We had so much feedback. A lot of love. A lot of bugs. A lot of crashes. And we had a lot of content creators also playing the game, uploading YouTube videos, and streaming it on Twitch. And it was just truly incredible to see people finally playing our game. And seeing other people responding to it as well with Twitch chat or comments on YouTube videos. And in fact, I'm going to leave a few links below to just a couple YouTube videos that I thought were super cool as well so you can check those out if you want. And so today in this video I'm going to be answering a bunch of questions around Early Access so let's just start that right now. When exactly will Early Access launch? Early Access will launch on Tuesday, March 19 at, wait for it, 5PM GMT. I pre-purchased Satisfactory but it's not appearing in my game library. No it is not and that is simply because it hasn't been released yet. So when we release it it'll appear in your game library and then you can download the game and enjoy. Can I pre-download the game? No. Well are there any perks for pre-purchase? There are no perks for pre-purchase. Well then why would I pre-purchase? Because you love us and you're excited about the game. And you wanna... play the game more than you want to pay your own bills. I don't know dude just like do whatever you want. Will our alpha test save files work with the Early Access version? Yeah your save files from the closed alpha or the alpha test weekend will still be compatible with the Early Access Version. but... But what... We have rebalanced steel and what that means is if you have a factory that produces steel then you are going to be affected by this. We have replaced steel plates with steel beams, and reinforced steel plates with encased industrial beams. And they have different requirements. And so what that means is your production is just gonna halt and you can go through and I'm not sure if you have to manually reset each machine or they just gonna switch to their uhhh... corresponding new item. But in any case the requirements are different so your factories are just gonna stop anyway. And this is a huge bummer. This is very bad. And it brings up a questioning of &quot;well how are we gonna support rebalancing in the future?&quot; Yeah. How will you fix rebalancing? So yeah we need to figure out a way that when we do balancing changes to the game you can still access your factories that you spent you know... 30... 40 hours on. We don't want you going to refactor them unless you really want to. And so our idea right now is that for any any balancing change that comes out that could risk uhm ruining your factory, we will store a different version of the game in some way we'll make it accessible to you so that you can keep playing on the same version on your same factory. However, that does mean you won't be able to get updates unless you're willing to refactor your factory. This all still kind of sucks. This is probably the best way for us to do it. But at the same time we have to make these changes because the game is Early Access and we need it to get better. So... you know we can't just get it right the first time. We need to be able to fix it and, again, this is limited to things that will... rebalance or affect your factory. Anything like bug fixes or whatever, we're not gonna just put a whole new version out for that. But in any case, we will fix it. We must fix it. It's very, very important that we fix this. So yeah. Will the game be localised into any other languages before Early Access? Yeah it will be. Umm... we talked about community-driven translations before. And we will still have that. However, we decided to get some... company to come in and translate stuff for us now so that we have a... a large chunk of the translations done already. You know they may or may not be perfect because of context issues or whatever. But they will hopefully be some languages, and I can list off the ones that we have now. If your language isn't here maybe it'll be added later. But this is where we're starting with so we're gonna have... Arabic. Simplified Chinese. Traditional Chinese. Czech. French. German. Italian. Japanese. Korean. Polish. Braziliar Portuguese. Spanish. Russian. And Turkish. So hopefully that'll take care of a bunch of you. We really want our non-English speaking audiences to be able to play the game as well. There's a lot of you out there. So uhh... thank you for being patient. What's the plan with content creators? So content creators who signed up with us a while ago before March 5 by a Google Form or by me directly. You will all get a free copy of the game. You may have pre-purchased the game already, and if you have you didn't need to perse. But you can use Epic's refund policy to get rid of it. And then use the key that we give you. OR, don't refund it and use the key for a giveaway. You will get your key at the same time as everyone else. March 19. 5PM GMT. There's another subset of content creators specifically YouTubers big, medium, and small that I'm going to be hand-picking. Umm... me and this random dude downstairs are going to be doing that. And yeah, it's not going to be everyone. It's only going to be a few people. And if you're a content creator or like a specifically a YouTuber and you want to know if you're going to be picked, just check your e-mail or... yeah. Just check your e-mail and if you... weren't sent a key within the next 24 hours, then you just... didn't get it. Ok? And for those who we do select, we're contacting you by e-mail or maybe through another channel if that's how we reached out to each other to begin with. Hey. Jace from the future here. I forgot a little detail. So if... you are a content creator and you still want to sign up as a content creator, the only way to do that right now is you sign up at keymailer and I have left a link below to our keymailer and you can register there. The thing with keymailer though is we're going to send out some keys on March 19, 5PM GMT. But we're not sending keys to everyone on keymailer so it's just kinda, you just gotta get lucky and we're not just going for big people again. Big, medium, and small people, but not everyone. Ok? So uh... yeah. Back to the video. The other day I did a tweet asking for people to ask questions to include into this video. And I'll try including as many of them I can. I didn't do all of them, just but I got a decent amount. So I'm gonna do a little rapid fire session now and answer a bunch of those questions. elk writes &quot;Why don't I have a beta key? Colon three.&quot; Well make your contenders record 25 you know, and maybe we can talk. TheTitan84 writes &quot;If I buy the game on the Epic games story now can I have it moved to my Steam account when you do a full release and the exclusivity deal is over?&quot; I don't know.
>
> Omni snuck in two questions. Number 1: &quot;Is the one year Epic store exclusivity one year from
>
> Early Access launch? Or one year from full launch?&quot; It will be one year from the Early Access launch. &quot;Please, please, please make a Linux based dedicated server that can run headless. Hosting multiple instances on a single server is a nightmare, and a waste of resources on Windows.&quot; Not a question. &quot;You guys fixed the M.A.M. hard drive crash yet? Winky face.&quot; Yes. SatisfactoryCN writes &quot;Are there plans to add more than seven tiers? Or will the tiers shuffle around more or is the team happy with how they are laid out right now?&quot; We expect to have eight tiers, and then whether that changes or not, who knows? BustaSnutt asks:&quot;Sanctum 3 when?&quot;
>
> serubi asks: &quot;Any plans to make jump pads adjustable?&quot;
>
> As far as I know, no plans.
>
> therealzohmygod writes: &quot;Any ETA on dedicated servers?&quot;
>
> I don't know the ETA exactly, but if you go to our website satisfactorygame.com there's a roadmap. There's a lot of information about what we're planning on doing next and dedicated servers is written there. So that's a bunch of information. I really hope that that covered basically everything so that you can leave me alone. Hahaha. So if you liked the video, smash like. Follow on Twitter. Subscribe. Uhhh... Follow me on MySpace. Ok byeeee. I'm so close I just need to say but. If I said but, this would be done!
