---
title: "December 25th, 2018 Video \"Candid\" video"
date: "2018-12-25"
layout: transcript
topics:
    - "embracer-group/thq-nordic"
    - "trolling"
---
# [December 25th, 2018 Video](../2018-12-25.md)
## "Candid" video
https://youtube.com/embed/S_AKfh38880?autoplay=1&start=73&end=158

### Topics
* [Embracer Group > THQ Nordic](../topics/embracer-group/thq-nordic.md)
* [Trolling](../topics/trolling.md)

### Transcript

> *lunch bell rings* *footsteps, no other sounds*
>
> *talking very stiffly*
Snutt: Hi Birk, I was thinking of refactoring the attachment system
>
> Birk: Hmm, didn't Jace do that like a year ago?
>
> Snutt: Correct. But I think some improvements could be made upon it.
>
> Maybe should organize a meeting about it
>
> Birk: Hmm. Maybe two meetings
>
> By the way, we've got loads of work to do. So if you could do a 100 hour week that would be great.
>
> Snutt: No problem. I'm very passionate about video games and I would gladly sacrifice my health
>
> Jace (off screen): Up straight.
>
> Johannes: Hi Hannah.
>
> How goes level design?
>
> Hannah: It's going great.
>
> Hannah: How's Jessica and the kids?
>
> Johannes: They're doing great great.
>
> Hannah: Great.
>
> Mark: Hi. Getting a coffee?
>
> Stefan: Yes.
>
> I'm getting a regular black coffee.
>
> Mark: Me too.
>
> Don't make any coffee stains now.
>
> Birk: So we're looking at development over time right now.
>
> And... Uhh... We're at &quot;Now&quot;. And by the time the development is finished, we'll be at &quot;Then&quot;.
>
> Birk: Yes?
>
> Joakim: What about money?
>
> *click*
>
> Birk: It's gonna make lots of money.
>
> Everyone, in agreement: Hmm..
>
> *music begins*
Jace: Hope it was plain-
>
> *music stops* Hope it was plain to see that nothing has changed here at Coffee Stain
